The data source for this data is

  https://github.com/NocturneBear/NBA-Data-2010-2024

The data from the repository named above has been rearranged and
slightly altered from its original form. More specifically, it has
been organized into separate files in order to normalize the data and
eliminate certain redundancies.

Each datafile in this directory can be understood by inspection of the
file itself, up to a point. Each file contains a header row on its
first line, which pandas uses for column headers. The fields (column
names) in these data files are described thoroughly at the github site
mentioned above. For the purposes of this exercise, we have chosen to
use fields such as ``personName`` that are
self-explanatory. Nevertheless, do consult the github site for
assistance understanding fine points as needed.

Each player in the players file has a distinct name (this is important
to know for the consistency of some of the analysis); we edited a few
names to include (actual) middle initials, etc., to enforce
distinctness.

Here are some comments about each file:

box.csv: These are "box scores", one per row -- they give details of
how a particular player performed in one game, including, for example,
how many points were scored and minutes played.

cities.csv: These are the cities each team plays in.

divisions.csv: NBA teams are organized into divisions; this file
enumerates those.

games.csv: Each row represents a game, including the date on which the
game was played.

players.csv: This file associates a unique ID number ("personId") with
each NBA player.

teams.csv: This file associates a "tricode" (a three letter
abbreviation) with each team, for example "CHI" for the Chicago Bulls
and 'MIL' for the Milwaukee Bucks.

Please note that a substantial fraction of this data is not needed for
HW5; you only need to consult some of the data in some of these files
to perform HW5 tasks.

Please do not rename or change any of the files in this
directory. Doing so will likely result in test failures.
